Bump version to 1.3.0 (#86)
ONSdigital/dp-table-builder-ui: README.md

- `make clean` Deletes built assets
- `make help` - Show help page for list of make targets

## Releasing

This package is published to npm at [npmjs.com/package/dp-table-builder-ui](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dp-table-builder-ui).

To release a new version:

1. Bump the `version` field in `package.json` following the [ONS versioning guide](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp/blob/main/guides/VERSIONING.md)
1. Run `npm install` to update `package-lock.json`

> 1. Commit, raise a PR and merge to `main`

Reviewer: I think it might be necessary to do the tag part before pushing the merged PR so perhaps add something like this:
```suggestion
1. Commit, raise a PR and merge to `main` - NB. DO NOT PUSH THE MERGED PR UP TO GITHUB UNTIL AFTER TAGGING IT (SEE NEXT STEP)
```

Author: Thanks you, I have added the note

> 1. Tag the merge commit following the [ONS tagging guide](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp/blob/main/guides/TAGS.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Tag the merged commit, and push up the merge using --follow-tags, as explained in the [ONS tagging guide](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dp/blob/main/guides/TAGS.md)
```

Author: Updated
